CSS & Doc Organization Cleanup (#1054)
odoo/documentation: content/administration.rst

:nosearch:
:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:
:show-toc:

==============
Administration
==============

> Guides about to install, maintain and upgrade Odoo.

Reviewer: I've already changed this in a commit I'm currently working on.

```suggestion
These guides provide instructions on how to install, maintain and upgrade Odoo databases.
```

> :nosearch:

Author: But I don't want this page to appear in search result: it's a "table of content" page, not a page having useful content.

:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:
:show-toc:

==================
Install & Maintain
==================

> Guides about to install, maintain and upgrade Odoo.

Author: applied.

.. seealso::
    :doc:`History of Versions <administration/maintain/supported_versions>`

.. toctree::
    :titlesonly:

>     administration/deployment

Author: It's a tradeoff, I kept the directory name to minimize the change. (but I am also ok to rename everything for consistency)

>     administration/deployment

Reviewer: I rename it
